{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green49\blue51;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diabetes dataset
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 About Dataset\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 There are 2 types of diabetes viz. insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM)/Type-I diabetes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)/Type-II diabetes. Type-I is a disorder of carbohydrate metabolism due to insufficient insulin secretion which could be hereditary or acquired. Type-II diabetes is a condition in which the sensitivity of body cells to insulin gets reduced.\cb1 \
\cb3 The dataset contains information about Pima Indian women, and it is often used to build predictive models to determine whether a person has diabetes based on certain features or risk factors. The dataset includes the following attributes:\cb1 \
\cb3 Pregnancies: Number of times the woman has been pregnant.\cb1 \
\cb3 Glucose: Plasma glucose concentration in an oral glucose tolerance test.\cb1 \
\cb3 BloodPressure: Diastolic blood pressure (mm Hg).\cb1 \
\cb3 SkinThickness: Triceps skinfold thickness (mm).\cb1 \
\cb3 Insulin: 2-Hour serum insulin (mu U/ml).\cb1 \
\cb3 BMI: Body mass index (weight in kg / (height in meters)^2).\cb1 \
\cb3 DiabetesPedigreeFunction: A function that scores the likelihood of diabetes based on family history.\cb1 \
\cb3 Age: Age in years.\cb1 \
\cb3 Outcome: The target variable; 0 for no diabetes, 1 for diabetes.\cb1 \
}